bpo-41233: Add links to errnos referenced in exceptions docs (#21380)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2020-07-07-22-54-51.bpo-41233.lyUJ8L.rst

> Links the errnos referenced in `Doc/library/exceptions.rst` to their respective section in `Doc/library/errno.rst`, and also creates a "see also" box in the errno sections in `Doc/library/errno.rst` linking them to their mapped exceptions in `Doc/library/exceptions.rst`. Previously this was only done for EINTR and InterruptedError. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link the errnos referenced in ``Doc/library/exceptions.rst`` to their respective section in ``Doc/library/errno.rst``, and vice versa. Previously this was only done for EINTR and InterruptedError. Patch by Yan "yyyyyyyan" Orestes.
```
Shorten, fix RST syntax, use the imperative, add your name
